welcome to the bike man for you we are
kind of thinking spring and has a quick
cut to be winter yet but we're thinking
about spring and what might be coming in
the shop next spring and did I ever tell
you about Goldilocks
you know Goldilocks you know the three
bears all right anyway you had good
better and best or you had Oh too big Oh
too small oh just right and that is what
we're dealing with with a 27.5 off-road
mountain bike machine what is a
twenty-seven lot of buzz for 2014 about
27.5 we went to the bike show in Vegas
and you know what I didn't really see
any there so I couldn't really get like
super hands on it but I can get an
interpolation on what's going on a 27.5
is in between a 26 and a 29 simple you
got the 26 inch wheels a traditional
mountain bike the bike mountain bike
that the bike the wheel that brought us
to the game then they came out with this
29er thing which is basically a 700 C
wheel okay
it's a 26 inch wheel on steroids 2700 C
on steroids big fat mountain bike 29
right boom so now they went in between
to make it a twenty-seven and a half
there's a lot of different contentions
about why but I'm not gonna get into
great big long details about what's
going on and who it is and how it is and
everything else that was big G and
bottom line three different things it's
lighter in weight it's more efficient
and it's better control there you go
boom boom boom those are your three real
big reasons this is a giant the new
giant 2014 catalog you're getting kind
of brushing up on my specs a little bit
but they go over the overall weight
obviously it's not going to be as fat as
a 29er but you know the amount of weight
increase to the amount of efficiency and
all of the above is supposedly you know
better and the frame geometry they can
change again because it's that
in-between the 26th
they got comparative angle-of-attack
savings and the comparative acceleration
rates and the comparative contact patch
you know what it sounds like to me it
sounds like to me that we need to
continue to strive to make changes to
make things better sometimes it's good
sometimes it's bad let's see what
happens is brand new so here it is we're
gonna find out I didn't think 29 years
we're gonna last myself but you know
what 29 years are here to stay that's an
inevitable we all got to be able to
adapt to change very important that we
embrace change and not fight change we
have to use change to our advantage I'm
not sure if you're gonna see any of
these in our shop the least costly 27
and a half off-road riding machine is
$1600 that is 1,600 smack or Rooney's
okay that's a big money for it you're
gonna be really into bike riding to be
able to spend that kind of money on a
bicycle the most expensive one is 8
grand
I don't think we see any of those ins
here so with that being said uh 27.5 yes
or no you tell me I want you to never
fear the right man for you
is he you wanna know where know all this
doer
I don't like that
one simple we want you to Italian the
righteous ones that are going to get us
from point A to point B and look good